update docs of installation details (#15)
NSLS-II/edrixs: docs/source/user/usedocker.rst

    $ mkdir /dir/on/your/host/os   # A directory on your host OS
    $ docker run -it -u rixs -w /home/rixs -v /dir/on/your/host/os:/home/rixs/data laowang2017/edrixs

  it will take a while to pull the image from `Docker Hub <https://cloud.docker.com/repository/docker/laowang2017/edrixs/>`_ for the first time, while, it will launch the local one very fast at the next time. 

  * ``-u rixs`` means using a default user ``rixs`` to login the Ubuntu Linux, the password is ``rixs``. 

  * ``-v /dir/on/your/host/os:/home/rixs/data`` means mounting the directory ``/dir/on/your/host/os`` from your host OS to ``/home/rixs/data`` on the Ubuntu Linux in the container. 
 
* In the container, you can play with edrixs as you are using an isolated Ubuntu Linux system. After launching the container, you will see ``data`` and ``edrixs_examples`` in ``/home/rixs`` directory. If you want to save the data from edrixs calculations to your host system, you need to work in ``/home/rixs/data`` directory::

    $ cd /home/rixs/data
    $ cp -r ../edrixs_examples .

    Play with edrixs ... 
 

>   Note that any changes outside ``/home/rixs/data`` will lost when this container stops. You can only use your host OS to make interactive plots. Use ``sudo apt-get install`` to install softwares if they are needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note that any changes outside ``/home/rixs/data`` will be lost when this container stops. You can only use your host OS to make interactive plots. Use ``sudo apt-get install`` to install software packages if they are needed. 
```
